content/_index.md, before:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
draft: false
heroSize: "is-medium"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
additionalLogo: "uc25_logo_re_color.png"
HasBanner: true
heroIsUserConference: true
ButtonText: "Add to your Calendar"
ButtonLink: "qgis-uc-2025.ics"
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

## Welcome to Sweden!

The QGIS User Conference is an annual event that brings together users and developers of the QGIS open-source geographic information system (GIS) software. The conference provides an opportunity for attendees to learn about the latest developments in QGIS, share their experiences with others, and network with other QGIS users and developers. The conference attracts attendees from a broad spectrum of organizations and industries.

This year, the conference is being held on **2-3 June 2025** in **Norrköping, Sweden**. Additionally, an additional workshop day is being planned for the **4th June**.

Right after the conference, the [**28th QGIS Contributor Meeting**](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/wiki/28th-Contributor-Meeting-in-Norrk%C3%B6ping) will be right next door on **4-6 June**. Contributor meetings bring together active members of the QGIS project to plan their work, hold face-to-face discussions and brainstorm new ideas.

The program has not yet been set, but you can find some examples of what to expect at the [QGIS User Conference 2024 website](https://uc2024.qgis.sk/).


{{< columns-start >}}
{{< column-start>}}

{{< rich-box-start >}}
{{< rich-content-start themeClass="coloring-6">}}
### Call for Papers

The call for papers has ended, and we're currently reviewing the submissions. We will contact
the accepted proposals soon.

{{< rich-content-end >}}
{{< rich-box-end >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start>}}

{{< rich-box-start >}}
{{< rich-content-start themeClass="coloring-6" >}}
### Tickets

[Get your ticket](/tickets)

{{< rich-content-end >}}
{{< rich-box-end >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

{{< columns-start >}}
{{< column-start>}}
{{< rich-box-start >}}
{{< rich-content-start themeClass="coloring-1">}}
### Call for Sponsors
[Learn more about becoming a sponsor](/sponsors)

{{< rich-content-end >}}
{{< rich-box-end >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

## Organizers & Sponsors

<style>
#sponsors a {
    margin-bottom: 0 !important;
    width: 100%;
}
#sponsors figure {
    margin-left: 0.25rem;
    margin-right: 0.25rem;
    width: 100%;
}
#sponsors .column {
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    flex-direction: column;
}
#sponsors figure > div {
    margin-left: auto;
    margin-right: auto;
    width: 100%;
}
#sponsors figure p {
    width: 100%;
}
#sponsors figure img {
    width: 100%;
}
</style>

{{< columns-start id="sponsors" >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://qgis.se/" style="color:inherit;font-weight:inherit" class="mb-5">
<figure><div style="width:80%;max-width:200px;">

![QGIS Sverige](/sponsors/qgis_sverige_logotyp.png)

</div>
</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://qgis.org/" style="color:inherit;font-weight:inherit" class="mb-5">
<figure><div style="max-width:200px;">

![QGIS.org](/sponsors/qgis-logo.svg)

</div>
</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://www.sweco.se/" style="color:inherit;font-weight:inherit" class="mb-5">
<figure><div style="max-width:200px">

![Sweco](/sponsors/sweco_black.svg)

</div>
</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://www.smhi.se/en/" style="color:inherit;font-weight:inherit">
<figure><div style="width:70%">

![SMHI](/sponsors/SMHI_Logo.svg)

</div>
</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-half" >}}

<a href="https://qfield.cloud/">
<figure><div>

![QFieldCloud](/sponsors/Logo_QFieldCloud-by-OPENGIS.svg)

</div></figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-third" >}}

<a href="https://gispo.fi/">
<figure>

![Gispo](/sponsors/Gispo_nimilogo.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-third" >}}

<a href="https://merginmaps.com/">
<figure>

![Mergin Maps](/sponsors/MM_logo_HORIZ_COLOR_TRANSPARENT.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-third" >}}

<a href="https://midvatten.se/">
<figure>

![Midvatten](/sponsors/midvatten_ps.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://north-road.com/">
<figure>

![North-Road](/sponsors/nr_logo_bgw_color_bg_w.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://www.wheregroup.com/">
<figure>

![WhereGroup GmbH](/sponsors/WhereGroup-Logo-quer-cmyk-1.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

## Venue

<div class="rounded">

![Visualization Center C](./visualization_center.webp)

</div>

The event will be held at the [Visualization Center C](https://www.visualiseringscenter.se/en/), [Cnema](https://cnema.se/)
and [Campus Norrköping](https://liu.se/en/article/campus-norrkoping) of [Linköping University](https://liu.se/en). These are
situated in the heart of Norrköping, a city with a rich industrial history and beautiful water displays right outside
the venues.


{{< columns-start >}}
{{< column-start>}}

![](./globe_c.png)

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start>}}

![](./visualcity_ostlanken-2000x1500.webp)

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start>}}

![](./Domen-scaled.webp)

{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

{{< content-end >}}

Commit message:

Schedule is  published
Add link to schedule page and remove the old one

content/_index.md, after:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
draft: false
heroSize: "is-medium"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
additionalLogo: "uc25_logo_re_color.png"
HasBanner: true
heroIsUserConference: true
ButtonText: "Add to your Calendar"
ButtonLink: "qgis-uc-2025.ics"
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

## Welcome to Sweden!

The QGIS User Conference is an annual event that brings together users and developers of the QGIS open-source geographic information system (GIS) software. The conference provides an opportunity for attendees to learn about the latest developments in QGIS, share their experiences with others, and network with other QGIS users and developers. The conference attracts attendees from a broad spectrum of organizations and industries.

This year, the conference is being held on **2-3 June 2025** in **Norrköping, Sweden**. Additionally, an additional workshop day is being planned for the **4th June**.

Right after the conference, the [**28th QGIS Contributor Meeting**](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/wiki/28th-Contributor-Meeting-in-Norrk%C3%B6ping) will be right next door on **4-6 June**. Contributor meetings bring together active members of the QGIS project to plan their work, hold face-to-face discussions and brainstorm new ideas.

The program has now been published, see the details at schedule page [Schedule](https://uc2025.qgis.org/schedule/).


{{< columns-start >}}
{{< column-start>}}

{{< rich-box-start >}}
{{< rich-content-start themeClass="coloring-6">}}
### Call for Papers

The call for papers has ended, and we're currently reviewing the submissions. We will contact
the accepted proposals soon.

{{< rich-content-end >}}
{{< rich-box-end >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start>}}

{{< rich-box-start >}}
{{< rich-content-start themeClass="coloring-6" >}}
### Tickets

[Get your ticket](/tickets)

{{< rich-content-end >}}
{{< rich-box-end >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

{{< columns-start >}}
{{< column-start>}}
{{< rich-box-start >}}
{{< rich-content-start themeClass="coloring-1">}}
### Call for Sponsors
[Learn more about becoming a sponsor](/sponsors)

{{< rich-content-end >}}
{{< rich-box-end >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

## Organizers & Sponsors

<style>
#sponsors a {
    margin-bottom: 0 !important;
    width: 100%;
}
#sponsors figure {
    margin-left: 0.25rem;
    margin-right: 0.25rem;
    width: 100%;
}
#sponsors .column {
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    flex-direction: column;
}
#sponsors figure > div {
    margin-left: auto;
    margin-right: auto;
    width: 100%;
}
#sponsors figure p {
    width: 100%;
}
#sponsors figure img {
    width: 100%;
}
</style>

{{< columns-start id="sponsors" >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://qgis.se/" style="color:inherit;font-weight:inherit" class="mb-5">
<figure><div style="width:80%;max-width:200px;">

![QGIS Sverige](/sponsors/qgis_sverige_logotyp.png)

</div>
</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://qgis.org/" style="color:inherit;font-weight:inherit" class="mb-5">
<figure><div style="max-width:200px;">

![QGIS.org](/sponsors/qgis-logo.svg)

</div>
</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://www.sweco.se/" style="color:inherit;font-weight:inherit" class="mb-5">
<figure><div style="max-width:200px">

![Sweco](/sponsors/sweco_black.svg)

</div>
</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://www.smhi.se/en/" style="color:inherit;font-weight:inherit">
<figure><div style="width:70%">

![SMHI](/sponsors/SMHI_Logo.svg)

</div>
</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-half" >}}

<a href="https://qfield.cloud/">
<figure><div>

![QFieldCloud](/sponsors/Logo_QFieldCloud-by-OPENGIS.svg)

</div></figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}
{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-third" >}}

<a href="https://gispo.fi/">
<figure>

![Gispo](/sponsors/Gispo_nimilogo.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-third" >}}

<a href="https://merginmaps.com/">
<figure>

![Mergin Maps](/sponsors/MM_logo_HORIZ_COLOR_TRANSPARENT.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-third" >}}

<a href="https://midvatten.se/">
<figure>

![Midvatten](/sponsors/midvatten_ps.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://north-road.com/">
<figure>

![North-Road](/sponsors/nr_logo_bgw_color_bg_w.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start class="is-one-quarter" >}}

<a href="https://www.wheregroup.com/">
<figure>

![WhereGroup GmbH](/sponsors/WhereGroup-Logo-quer-cmyk-1.png)

</figure>
</a>

{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

## Venue

<div class="rounded">

![Visualization Center C](./visualization_center.webp)

</div>

The event will be held at the [Visualization Center C](https://www.visualiseringscenter.se/en/), [Cnema](https://cnema.se/)
and [Campus Norrköping](https://liu.se/en/article/campus-norrkoping) of [Linköping University](https://liu.se/en). These are
situated in the heart of Norrköping, a city with a rich industrial history and beautiful water displays right outside
the venues.


{{< columns-start >}}
{{< column-start>}}

![](./globe_c.png)

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start>}}

![](./visualcity_ostlanken-2000x1500.webp)

{{< column-end >}}
{{< column-start>}}

![](./Domen-scaled.webp)

{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

{{< column-end >}}
{{< columns-end >}}

{{< content-end >}}
