content/about.md, before:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
heroMenu: "uc-2025"
heroIsUserConference: true
heroSize: "is-halfheight"
HasBanner: true
draft: false
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

# About

The conference includes a variety of presentations, workshops, and discussions on a wide range of QGIS topics.
Presentations cover topics such as:

<ul class="arrow-ul">
<li>Interesting use cases of QGIS</li>
<li>Advanced workflows with QGIS</li>
<li>Deep dives into new QGIS features</li>
<li>QGIS ecosystem (third party plugins, server solutions, mobile apps)</li>
<li>Using QGIS for specific applications</li>
<li>Integration of QGIS with other geospatial products</li>
<li>Future plans for QGIS project</li>
<li>Workshops provide hands-on experience with specific QGIS tools and techniques - both for beginners and advanced users.</li>
</ul>

The program for this year has not yet been set, but you can find some examples of what to expect at the
[QGIS User Conference 2024](https://uc2024.qgis.sk/) website.

## Workshop & Onboarding Day

For those who want to dig even deeper we are planning an additional workshop day on the 4th June. During this day you
will be able to attend longer workshops and get more hands-on experience with QGIS and the community.

Additionally, this day will have "onboarding sessions" for those who want to become an active participant in the QGIS
community, with sessions on how to contribute to the project (filing issues, translating, developing code, etc.).

Exact details and schedule for this day will be published later.

## Contributor Meeting

Right after the conference, QGIS Contributor Meeting will take place on 4-6 June at a next door venue. This event
is for those who contribute to the development of QGIS. It’s free to join but you are expected to make yourself useful
on improving the QGIS application, documentation or website or do anything else QGIS will benefit from.

<!-- See Contributor Meeting details on GitHub.-->

## Local Committee

The event is organized by the [Swedish QGIS user group](https://qgis.se/) with support from the [QGIS project](https://qgis.org/).

{{< content-end >}}

Commit message:

Add information about activities and schedule overview

content/about.md, after:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
heroMenu: "uc-2025"
heroIsUserConference: true
heroSize: "is-halfheight"
HasBanner: true
draft: false
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

# About

The conference includes a variety of presentations, workshops, and discussions on a wide range of QGIS topics.
Presentations cover topics such as:

<ul class="arrow-ul">
<li>Interesting use cases of QGIS</li>
<li>Advanced workflows with QGIS</li>
<li>Deep dives into new QGIS features</li>
<li>QGIS ecosystem (third party plugins, server solutions, mobile apps)</li>
<li>Using QGIS for specific applications</li>
<li>Integration of QGIS with other geospatial products</li>
<li>Future plans for QGIS project</li>
<li>Workshops provide hands-on experience with specific QGIS tools and techniques - both for beginners and advanced users.</li>
</ul>

The program for this year has not yet been set, but you can find some examples of what to expect at the
[QGIS User Conference 2024](https://uc2024.qgis.sk/) website.

## Workshop & Onboarding Day

For those who want to dig even deeper we are planning an additional workshop day on the 4th June. During this day you
will be able to attend longer workshops and get more hands-on experience with QGIS and the community.

Additionally, this day will have "onboarding sessions" for those who want to become an active participant in the QGIS
community, with sessions on how to contribute to the project (filing issues, translating, developing code, etc.).

And for those who want to relax a bit after the conference we will also offer two Social Activities.

Note that the Workshops and Social Activities require registration. See [activities](/activities/) for more information.

## Contributor Meeting

Right after the conference, QGIS Contributor Meeting will take place on 4-6 June at a next door venue. This event
is for those who contribute to the development of QGIS. It’s free to join but you are expected to make yourself useful
on improving the QGIS application, documentation or website or do anything else QGIS will benefit from.

<!-- See Contributor Meeting details on GitHub.-->

## Local Committee

The event is organized by the [Swedish QGIS user group](https://qgis.se/) with support from the [QGIS project](https://qgis.org/).

{{< content-end >}}
