content/activities.md, before:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
heroMenu: "uc-2025"
heroIsUserConference: true
heroSize: "is-halfheight"
HasBanner: true
draft: false
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

# Activities

In addition to the main User Conference and the Contributor Meeting we also offer a number of additional activities.
This page lists all offered activities, including the main conference and the contributor meeting.

See also the [schedule](/schedule) for more information about times.

We reserve the right to cancel any of the social activities if there are too few participants for it.

## Social Activity: Guided City Tour

Arriving early? Join us for a Guided City Tour, a city guide will give you an introduction to the city of Norrköping,
some prominent buildings along with a bit of history.

Time: Sunday 1th of June, 19:00-20:00<br/>
Place: TBA<br/>
Price: Free, but registration required, max 100 participants

## Sunday Warm-up & Early Registration

Next invite you to a warm-up event on Sunday evening, where you can meet other participants and the organisers, and
have a wine, beer or non-alcoholic drink (at your own expense). The whole place will be reserved for us and some snacks
will be provided by the conference. We will have a registration desk there as well, in case you would like to avoid
queuing for registration on Monday morning.

Time: Sunday 1th of June, 20:00-22:00<br/>
Place: TBA<br/>
Price: Free, no registration required, everyone welcome

## Main Conference

The main conference will be held on Monday and Tuesday, with a mix of presentations, workshops and networking
opportunities.

## Social Dinner

After the first day of the conference all conference guests are invited to a social dinner. The dinner is included in the
price of your ticket.

Time: Monday 2th of June, 19:30-late<br/>
Place: TBA<br/>
Price: Included in the conference ticket

## Hands-on Workshops

While there will be workshops during the main conference, we additionally want to offer you the opportunity to attend
some half-day long workshops. Topics will be announced later, however the number of spots is limited so make sure to
get your ticket if you want to attend!

The price includes lunch after the workshops.

Time: Wednesday 4th of June, 08:30-12:00 with a coffee break<br/>
Place: TBA<br/>
Price: €20, registration required, max 60 participants

## Social Activity: Meet the Tigers

Want a change of scenery after the conference? Join us for a visit to the zoo of Kolmården, where you will be given the
unique opportunity to meet the tigers. A bus ride takes you to the zoo where a guide will meet you and bring you in close
contact with the animals. There will be time for coffee and questions afterward.

Time: Wednesday 4th of June, 14:00-17:00<br/>
Place: Bus pickup and drop-of at Visualization Center C<br/>
Price: €20, registration required, max 15 participants

## Social Activity: Forest Hiking and Swedish "Fika" with a View

Bus ride to Marmorbruket, famous for its greenish marble. There we set off on a small and climing forest hike
with great views. At the peak Spiran and along the Kolmården fault we'll find a good spot for a traditional
Swedish "fika" with coffee and cinnamon buns.

Suitable for people that don't mind narrow and steep paths, bring good shoes and a raincoat, never trust the Swedish
weather!

Time: Wednesday 4th of June, 14:00-18:00<br/>
Place: Bus pickup and drop-of at Visualization Center C<br/>
Price: €10, registration required, max 29 participants

## Onboarding Day

Want to get involved with the QGIS project? On the Wednesday there will additionally be several sessions for newcomers
to the project, or those who want to get more involved. Topics will be announced later.

Time: Wednesday 4th of June, times TBA<br/>
Place: Färgeriet, Norrköping<br/>
Price: Free, no registration required

## Contributor Meeting

The Contributor Meeting will be held on Wednesday through Friday, and is open to anyone who wants to contribute to QGIS.
Tackle bugs, write documentation, or help with translations, there is something for everyone!

See more information and register (not required but helps us ensure that there's enough food and t-shirts) on [GitHub](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/wiki/28th-Contributor-Meeting-in-Norrk%C3%B6ping).

Time: Wednesday-Friday 4-6th of June, 08:30-17:00<br/>
Place: Färgeriet, Norrköping<br/>
Price: Free, open to everyone

{{< content-end >}}

Commit message:

Add information about Dome and Visual City

content/activities.md, after:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
heroMenu: "uc-2025"
heroIsUserConference: true
heroSize: "is-halfheight"
HasBanner: true
draft: false
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

# Activities

In addition to the main User Conference and the Contributor Meeting we also offer a number of additional activities.
This page lists all offered activities, including the main conference and the contributor meeting.

See also the [schedule](/schedule) for more information about times.

We reserve the right to cancel any of the social activities if there are too few participants for it.

## Social Activity: Guided City Tour

Arriving early? Join us for a Guided City Tour, a city guide will give you an introduction to the city of Norrköping,
some prominent buildings along with a bit of history.

Time: Sunday 1th of June, 19:00-20:00<br/>
Place: TBA<br/>
Price: Free, but registration required, max 100 participants

## Sunday Warm-up & Early Registration

Next invite you to a warm-up event on Sunday evening, where you can meet other participants and the organisers, and
have a wine, beer or non-alcoholic drink (at your own expense). The whole place will be reserved for us and some snacks
will be provided by the conference. We will have a registration desk there as well, in case you would like to avoid
queuing for registration on Monday morning.

Time: Sunday 1th of June, 20:00-22:00<br/>
Place: TBA<br/>
Price: Free, no registration required, everyone welcome

## Main Conference

The main conference will be held on Monday and Tuesday, with a mix of presentations, workshops and networking
opportunities.

### Dome

The Dome is an immersive projection dome capable of showing both 3D and 2D content. It was the first of its kind in the
entire world. During the conference we'll have two sessions in the Dome, free for all conference participants.

### Visual City

Our venue is the home to the [Visual City](https://visualiseringscenter.se/en/exploranation/visual-city/), a three-dimensional
physical model of Norrköping. Using the Visual City various data sets can be visualized, but not only that: During the conference
you will have the opportunity to see your own visualization come to life on the model!

The model is available for exploration during the entire conference, with two guided sessions.

We invite you to contribute your own QGIS-made maps to the interactive 3D-printed city model, an installation that blends
geodata, projection mapping, and Unreal Engine. This unique platform offers visitors a tangible way to explore urban planning,
data layers, and spatial narratives. Additionally, the best visualization will be awarded a prize at the closing session. More
information is sent out to all participants.

## Social Dinner

After the first day of the conference all conference guests are invited to a social dinner. The dinner is included in the
price of your ticket.

Time: Monday 2th of June, 19:30-late<br/>
Place: TBA<br/>
Price: Included in the conference ticket

## Hands-on Workshops

While there will be workshops during the main conference, we additionally want to offer you the opportunity to attend
some half-day long workshops. Topics will be announced later, however the number of spots is limited so make sure to
get your ticket if you want to attend!

The price includes lunch after the workshops.

Time: Wednesday 4th of June, 08:30-12:00 with a coffee break<br/>
Place: TBA<br/>
Price: €20, registration required, max 60 participants

## Social Activity: Meet the Tigers

Want a change of scenery after the conference? Join us for a visit to the zoo of Kolmården, where you will be given the
unique opportunity to meet the tigers. A bus ride takes you to the zoo where a guide will meet you and bring you in close
contact with the animals. There will be time for coffee and questions afterward.

Time: Wednesday 4th of June, 14:00-17:00<br/>
Place: Bus pickup and drop-of at Visualization Center C<br/>
Price: €20, registration required, max 15 participants

## Social Activity: Forest Hiking and Swedish "Fika" with a View

Bus ride to Marmorbruket, famous for its greenish marble. There we set off on a small and climing forest hike
with great views. At the peak Spiran and along the Kolmården fault we'll find a good spot for a traditional
Swedish "fika" with coffee and cinnamon buns.

Suitable for people that don't mind narrow and steep paths, bring good shoes and a raincoat, never trust the Swedish
weather!

Time: Wednesday 4th of June, 14:00-18:00<br/>
Place: Bus pickup and drop-of at Visualization Center C<br/>
Price: €10, registration required, max 29 participants

## Onboarding Day

Want to get involved with the QGIS project? On the Wednesday there will additionally be several sessions for newcomers
to the project, or those who want to get more involved. Topics will be announced later.

Time: Wednesday 4th of June, times TBA<br/>
Place: Färgeriet, Norrköping<br/>
Price: Free, no registration required

## Contributor Meeting

The Contributor Meeting will be held on Wednesday through Friday, and is open to anyone who wants to contribute to QGIS.
Tackle bugs, write documentation, or help with translations, there is something for everyone!

See more information and register (not required but helps us ensure that there's enough food and t-shirts) on [GitHub](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/wiki/28th-Contributor-Meeting-in-Norrk%C3%B6ping).

Time: Wednesday-Friday 4-6th of June, 08:30-17:00<br/>
Place: Färgeriet, Norrköping<br/>
Price: Free, open to everyone

{{< content-end >}}
