content/attending.md, before:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
heroMenu: "uc-2025"
heroIsUserConference: true
heroSize: "is-halfheight"
HasBanner: true
draft: false
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

# Attending

## Tickets

Tickets go on sale 10th of February. There are a limited number of Early-Bird tickets available at a reduced price.

All participants need a ticket for the conference, including those who give a talk or a workshop.

We offer a refund when a ticket is cancelled more than 30 days before the event. Cancellations less than 30 days prior
to the event are not refunded.

## Venue

The event will be held at the [Visualization Center C](https://www.visualiseringscenter.se/en/), [Cnema](https://cnema.se/)
and [Campus Norrköping](https://liu.se/en/article/campus-norrkoping) of [Linköping University](https://liu.se/en). These are
situated in the heart of Norrköping, a city with a rich industrial history and beautiful water displays right outside
the venues.

The address is **Kungsgatan 54, Norrköping, Sweden**.

![](/visualization_center.webp)

![](/city_and_venue_map.png)

### Rooms

**Opening & Closing sessions** will be held in the factory workers' theatre **Arbis**.

**Parallel presentations**, **exhibition**, **lunch** and **breaks** will be held in **Cnema** and ****Visualization Center C****.

A **"conference office"** where you sit and work as well as where you can get help with any questions will be located in at the top of Visualization Center C.

**Workshops** are held on the second floor in the nearby building **Kopparhammaren 2**, a part of Linköping University.

The **Contributor Meeting** will be held in the student pub **Färgeriet**, which is accessed from Skvallertorget.

![](/venue_map.png)

## Visas

Sweden is part of the Schengen Area. Check out the pages of the
[Swedish Migration Agency](https://www.migrationsverket.se/English/Private-individuals/Visiting-Sweden/Visit-Sweden-up-to-90-days---apply-for-a-visa.html)
for more information.

We can provide a letter of invitation after you have registered and paid for your conference ticket. If you need one, please let us know.

## Schedule

The conference starts on Monday morning (8:30), and finishes Tuesday late afternoon (around 17:30). For more details,
see the [schedule](/schedule).

There is an option to stay an additional day and attend some longer workshops on the **Workshop & Onboarding Day** on
the 4th of June, which is also the first day of the Contributor Meeting.

## Code of Conduct

This is an official QGIS event. That means that all attendees are expected to follow the Code of conduct of the QGIS
project. In short, be nice to others, so that everyone feels safe and welcome. If there is someone behaving poorly,
please do not hesitate to report them to the event staff members.

## Sunday Warm-up & Early Registration

We also invite you to a warm-up event on Sunday evening, where you can meet other participants and the organisers, and
have a wine, beer or non-alcoholic drink (at your own expense). The whole place will be reserved for us and some snacks
will be provided by the conference. We will have a registration desk there as well, in case you would like to avoid
queuing for registration on Monday morning.

## Getting there

### By plane

**Norrköping Airport (NRK)** only has charter connections.

**Linköping City Airport (LPI)** is 45 km away and has regular connections to Amsterdam with KLM. From Linköping City Airport
to Norrköping you can get a taxi for around 1250 SEK, the ride can be bought from the driver or by ordering in advance by
calling [+46 13 30 30 30](tel:004613303030). If going by taxi we recommend going with other participants to share the cost and reduce the impact
on the environment. The travel time is around 30 minutes.

**Stockholm Arlanda Airport (ARN)** is Swedens largest airport and has connections all around the world. The airport is situated
north of Stockholm and long distance trains stop directly in the underground station of terminal 3. There are direct trains
to Norrköping, book in advance at [SJ](https://sj.se/). The travel time is about 2 hours.

**Stockholm Skavsta Airport (NYO)** is 60 km from Norrköping and is served by Norwegian, Wizz Air and TUI. From Skavsta Airport
you can take a buss using [Flygbussarna](https://www.flygbussarna.se/en) to Norrköping. Buses usually leave timed based
on arriving airplanes. The travel time is about 1 hour.

### By train/buss

Norrköping is well-connected to other Swedish and Scandinavian cities by train and bus. There are daily trains from
Copenhagen (about 4.5 h). Additionally, there are night trains from Berlin (about 14 h) that stop in Norrköping. If coming
from Oslo you will have to change once (about 6 h in total). Tickets and information can be found at [SJ](https://sj.se/).

### By car

Norrköping is located on both the E4 and E22 highways. Please note that parking around the venue is regulated.

## Getting around

**Walk**: The venue is in the heart of the city, and it is easy to explore the city on foot. Most points-of-interest are
within a walking distance of 15 minutes.

**Bus or tram**: The public transport has a fairly good network and is operated by [Östgötatrafiken](https://www.ostgotatrafiken.se/).
Tickets are bought in their app.

**Taxi**: You rarely need a taxi to get around, but if you need one there are traditional taxi companies like Taxi
Östergötland ([+46 11 100 100](tel:004611100100)), as well as ride-sharing companies Uber and Bolt. Do note that ride-sharing companies are
less common in Sweden than in other european countries.

**Kayak**: By the bridge to the island Strömsholmen is a kayak vending machine, from which you can rent a kayak and
equipment at an hourly rate. From there you can either go upstream to the Old Bridge and the Wool Factory or downstream
along the new residential area "Inner Harbour", and by the canal out to Bråviken bay, a part of the Baltic Sea.

**E-Scooter**: There are several companies offering e-scooter rentals in Norrköping; Voi, Qick, Tier and Enjoy. You
book and unlock the E-scooters using their respective apps.

## Accomodation

Attendants need to organize and pay for their own accommodation, it is not included in your ticket. Norrköping offers a wide variety
of hotels at different price levels.

To ensure that all participants get a room for the conference and contributor meeting we have pre-booked rooms at several hotels.
Use the link or code for each hotel to get a pre-booked room. Use the code "QGIS" if you book by phone.

Pre-bookings are released 30-60 days before the conference (depending on the hotel), so please book by the 1st of April to
if you want to ensure that you get a room from one of our recommended hotels.

### Recommended hotels with pre-booked rooms

[Best Western Hotel Princess](https://app.mews.com/distributor/d631711c-51b1-4349-bef6-b18d00d33ddb?mewsAvailabilityBlockId=d36f8bac-7085-4823-8e4a-b26b00fc95ca&mewsStart=2025-06-02&mewsEnd=2025-06-06) (650 m from the venue)

[Elite Grand Hotel](https://www.elite.se/en/?hotel=EL020&checkIn=2025-06-01&checkOut=2025-06-04&guests=1&rooms=1&adults=1&group=QGIS&step=step3packages) (800 m from the venue)

[Scandic Strömmen](https://www.scandichotels.com/hotelreservation/select-rate?hotel=827&fromDate=2025-06-1&toDate=2025-06-4&room%5b0%5d.adults=1&bookingCode=BQGI010625) (1000 m from the venue, use code BQGI010625)

[Strawberry Comfort Hotel](https://app.mews.com/distributor/7dd5ff2c-3f22-437f-a0c8-affd01143857?mewsAvailabilityBlockId=288bdb89-6fb2-427a-803b-b26000b2386e&mewsStart=2025-06-01&mewsEnd=2025-06-04) (1400 m from the venue)

### Other recommended options

[Pronova Hotell och Vandrarhem](https://www.pronovahostel.se/en-GB) (simpler and cheaper, 350 m from the venue)

[Borgs Villahotel](https://www.borgshotell.se/) (boutique hotel, 1500 m from the venue)

You can also use services such as Booking.com or AirBnB to find additional accommodation options.

{{< content-end >}}

Commit message:

Add information about activities and schedule overview

content/attending.md, after:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
heroMenu: "uc-2025"
heroIsUserConference: true
heroSize: "is-halfheight"
HasBanner: true
draft: false
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

# Attending

## Tickets

Tickets go on sale 10th of February. There are a limited number of Early-Bird tickets available at a reduced price.

All participants need a ticket for the conference, including those who give a talk or a workshop.

We offer a refund when a ticket is cancelled more than 30 days before the event. Cancellations less than 30 days prior
to the event are not refunded.

Do note that some additional activities, such as during the extra Workshop Day, require additional registration. You
can add these activities during while purchasing your ticket or at a later point in time, do note however that the
spots are limited.

## Venue

The event will be held at the [Visualization Center C](https://www.visualiseringscenter.se/en/), [Cnema](https://cnema.se/)
and [Campus Norrköping](https://liu.se/en/article/campus-norrkoping) of [Linköping University](https://liu.se/en). These are
situated in the heart of Norrköping, a city with a rich industrial history and beautiful water displays right outside
the venues.

The address is **Kungsgatan 54, Norrköping, Sweden**.

![](/visualization_center.webp)

![](/city_and_venue_map.png)

### Rooms

**Opening & Closing sessions** will be held in the factory workers' theatre **Arbis**.

**Parallel presentations**, **exhibition**, **lunch** and **breaks** will be held in **Cnema** and ****Visualization Center C****.

A **"conference office"** where you sit and work as well as where you can get help with any questions will be located in at the top of Visualization Center C.

**Workshops** are held on the second floor in the nearby building **Kopparhammaren 2**, a part of Linköping University.

The **Contributor Meeting** will be held in the student pub **Färgeriet**, which is accessed from Skvallertorget.

![](/venue_map.png)

## Visas

Sweden is part of the Schengen Area. Check out the pages of the
[Swedish Migration Agency](https://www.migrationsverket.se/English/Private-individuals/Visiting-Sweden/Visit-Sweden-up-to-90-days---apply-for-a-visa.html)
for more information.

We can provide a letter of invitation after you have registered and paid for your conference ticket. If you need one, please let us know.

## Schedule

The conference starts on Monday morning (8:30), and finishes Tuesday late afternoon (around 17:30). For more details,
see the [schedule](/schedule).

There is an option to stay an additional day and attend some longer workshops on the **Workshop & Onboarding Day** on
the 4th of June, which is also the first day of the Contributor Meeting.

## Code of Conduct

This is an official QGIS event. That means that all attendees are expected to follow the Code of conduct of the QGIS
project. In short, be nice to others, so that everyone feels safe and welcome. If there is someone behaving poorly,
please do not hesitate to report them to the event staff members.

## Getting there

### By plane

**Norrköping Airport (NRK)** only has charter connections.

**Linköping City Airport (LPI)** is 45 km away and has regular connections to Amsterdam with KLM. From Linköping City Airport
to Norrköping you can get a taxi for around 1250 SEK, the ride can be bought from the driver or by ordering in advance by
calling [+46 13 30 30 30](tel:004613303030). If going by taxi we recommend going with other participants to share the cost and reduce the impact
on the environment. The travel time is around 30 minutes.

**Stockholm Arlanda Airport (ARN)** is Swedens largest airport and has connections all around the world. The airport is situated
north of Stockholm and long distance trains stop directly in the underground station of terminal 3. There are direct trains
to Norrköping, book in advance at [SJ](https://sj.se/). The travel time is about 2 hours.

**Stockholm Skavsta Airport (NYO)** is 60 km from Norrköping and is served by Norwegian, Wizz Air and TUI. From Skavsta Airport
you can take a buss using [Flygbussarna](https://www.flygbussarna.se/en) to Norrköping. Buses usually leave timed based
on arriving airplanes. The travel time is about 1 hour.

### By train/buss

Norrköping is well-connected to other Swedish and Scandinavian cities by train and bus. There are daily trains from
Copenhagen (about 4.5 h). Additionally, there are night trains from Berlin (about 14 h) that stop in Norrköping. If coming
from Oslo you will have to change once (about 6 h in total). Tickets and information can be found at [SJ](https://sj.se/).

### By car

Norrköping is located on both the E4 and E22 highways. Please note that parking around the venue is regulated.

## Getting around

**Walk**: The venue is in the heart of the city, and it is easy to explore the city on foot. Most points-of-interest are
within a walking distance of 15 minutes.

**Bus or tram**: The public transport has a fairly good network and is operated by [Östgötatrafiken](https://www.ostgotatrafiken.se/).
Tickets are bought in their app.

**Taxi**: You rarely need a taxi to get around, but if you need one there are traditional taxi companies like Taxi
Östergötland ([+46 11 100 100](tel:004611100100)), as well as ride-sharing companies Uber and Bolt. Do note that ride-sharing companies are
less common in Sweden than in other european countries.

**Kayak**: By the bridge to the island Strömsholmen is a kayak vending machine, from which you can rent a kayak and
equipment at an hourly rate. From there you can either go upstream to the Old Bridge and the Wool Factory or downstream
along the new residential area "Inner Harbour", and by the canal out to Bråviken bay, a part of the Baltic Sea.

**E-Scooter**: There are several companies offering e-scooter rentals in Norrköping; Voi, Qick, Tier and Enjoy. You
book and unlock the E-scooters using their respective apps.

## Accommodation

Attendants need to organize and pay for their own accommodation, it is not included in your ticket. Norrköping offers a wide variety
of hotels at different price levels.

To ensure that all participants get a room for the conference and contributor meeting we have pre-booked rooms at several hotels.
Use the link or code for each hotel to get a pre-booked room. Use the code "QGIS" if you book by phone.

Pre-bookings are released 30-60 days before the conference (depending on the hotel), so please book by the 1st of April to
if you want to ensure that you get a room from one of our recommended hotels.

### Recommended hotels with pre-booked rooms

[Best Western Hotel Princess](https://app.mews.com/distributor/d631711c-51b1-4349-bef6-b18d00d33ddb?mewsAvailabilityBlockId=d36f8bac-7085-4823-8e4a-b26b00fc95ca&mewsStart=2025-06-02&mewsEnd=2025-06-06) (650 m from the venue)

[Elite Grand Hotel](https://www.elite.se/en/?hotel=EL020&checkIn=2025-06-01&checkOut=2025-06-04&guests=1&rooms=1&adults=1&group=QGIS&step=step3packages) (800 m from the venue)

[Scandic Strömmen](https://www.scandichotels.com/hotelreservation/select-rate?hotel=827&fromDate=2025-06-1&toDate=2025-06-4&room%5b0%5d.adults=1&bookingCode=BQGI010625) (1000 m from the venue, use code BQGI010625)

[Strawberry Comfort Hotel](https://app.mews.com/distributor/7dd5ff2c-3f22-437f-a0c8-affd01143857?mewsAvailabilityBlockId=288bdb89-6fb2-427a-803b-b26000b2386e&mewsStart=2025-06-01&mewsEnd=2025-06-04) (1400 m from the venue)

### Other recommended options

[Pronova Hotell och Vandrarhem](https://www.pronovahostel.se/en-GB) (simpler and cheaper, 350 m from the venue)

[Borgs Villahotel](https://www.borgshotell.se/) (boutique hotel, 1500 m from the venue)

You can also use services such as Booking.com or AirBnB to find additional accommodation options.

{{< content-end >}}
