content/sponsors.md, before:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/logo_multicolor.png"
heroMenu: "uc-2025"
heroIsUserConference: true
heroSize: "is-halfheight"
HasBanner: true
draft: false
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

# Sponsors

None here yet, want to be the first?

## Become a sponsor

We are honoured to invite you to take thsi opportunity to be a financial partner for the QGIS User Conference in
Norrköping in 2025. By sponsoring the conference, you are extending your support to the whole QGIS community, a
contribution that is essential in keeping this valuable community vibrant. In return this offers you the possibility to
network and showcase your work and solutions to future customers or partners.

## Why become our partner?

QGIS User Conference partners are exposed to a highly engaged international audience of policy makers, business
representatives, and industry professionals.

Partnership in the QGIS User Conference gives you:

* Opportunity to engage with the geospatial technology industry
* Marketing and brand exposure
* Networking opportunities
* Opportunity to showcase your products and services
* Opportunity to make valuable contracts and increase sales

## Sponsorship Packages

If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please contact us at: [uc2025@qgis.se](mailto:uc2025@qgis.se).

To learn more about the sponsorship packages and opportunities we offer, please have a look at the
[sponsorship brochure](https://www.qgis.se/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/QGIS-UC-2025-Sponsorship.pdf).

We are also happy to discuss additional sponsorship opportunities, or to customize a package to best fit your needs.

{{< content-end >}}

Commit message:

Add attendance information, first sponsors, and replace logo

content/sponsors.md, after:

---
type: "page"
title: "QGIS User Conference 2025"
subtitle: "2-3 June 2025, Norrköping, Sweden"
heroImage: "/visualization_center.webp"
heroLogo: "/uc25_logo_re_color.png"
heroMenu: "uc-2025"
heroIsUserConference: true
heroSize: "is-halfheight"
HasBanner: true
draft: false
sidebar: true
---

{{< content-start >}}

# Sponsors

[![Midvatten](/sponsors/midvatten_ps.png)](https://midvatten.se/)
[![North-Road](/sponsors/nr_logo_bgw_color_bg_w.png)](https://north-road.com/)

## Become a sponsor

We are honoured to invite you to take this opportunity to be a financial partner for the QGIS User Conference in
Norrköping in 2025. By sponsoring the conference, you are extending your support to the whole QGIS community, a
contribution that is essential in keeping this valuable community vibrant. In return this offers you the possibility to
network and showcase your work and solutions to future customers or partners.

## Why become our partner?

QGIS User Conference partners are exposed to a highly engaged international audience of policy makers, business
representatives, and industry professionals.

Partnership in the QGIS User Conference gives you:

* Opportunity to engage with the geospatial technology industry
* Marketing and brand exposure
* Networking opportunities
* Opportunity to showcase your products and services
* Opportunity to make valuable contracts and increase sales

## Sponsorship Packages

If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please contact us at: [uc2025@qgis.se](mailto:uc2025@qgis.se).

To learn more about the sponsorship packages and opportunities we offer, please have a look at the
[sponsorship brochure](https://www.qgis.se/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/QGIS-UC-2025-Sponsorship.pdf).

We are also happy to discuss additional sponsorship opportunities, or to customize a package to best fit your needs.

{{< content-end >}}
